pages/credits.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Credits
permalink: '/credits/'
---

Wax is a minimal computing ([minicomp](https://github.com/minicomp)) project led by [Marii Nyröp](http://marii.info/). The project is currently maintained by Marii Nyröp at New York University and [Alex Gil](https://github.com/elotroalex) at Columbia University Libraries. It uses open source libraries and frameworks including [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), [IIIF](http://iiif.io), [OpenSeaDragon](https://openseadragon.github.io/), [Rake](https://ruby.github.io/rake/), and [ElasticLunr](http://elasticlunr.com/). Wax builds upon work by [Peter Binkley](https://github.com/pbinkley), [David Newbury](https://github.com/workergnome), and others.

We welcome and encourage contributors and maintainers. Please get in touch, or [fork the project on GitHub](https://github.com/minicomp/wax). If you encounter any issue with the software, please [create an issue](https://github.com/minicomp/wax/issues) on our repository or post a comment on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/minicomp/wax/).

For more on working with Wax, visit our [documentation wiki](https://minicomp.github.io/wiki/wax/).

Commit message:

Updates since last session with john
Updates since last session with john

pages/credits.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Credits
permalink: '/credits/'
---
### Green Oasis Community Gardens/Gilberts Garden, Inc. Records Team
[John C. Harris](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-harris-674317154/) John C. Harris is driven to unite communities with their past to help inform their navigation of the present and generate a chance to reimagine their futures. He studied Public History at St. John’s University and has worked in archives and museums of varying sizes in New York City. As the Archives Committee Coordinator at the [Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space](http://www.morusnyc.org/) \(MoRUS) he has planned and led processing, cataloging, and digitization projects that culminate in digital exhibits and programs which utilize a relevant understanding of the Lower East Side community’s history.

[Stephanie Zambrana]

[Marco Lanier]

[Irene Meisel]

[Bryan Zehngut-Willits](http://rbzwillits.org/) is a volunteer at [MoRUS](http://www.morusnyc.org/) where he serves as a digital collections and archives consultant and member of the archives committee, and serves as the primary site developer and webmaster for Green Oasis Community Gardens/Gilberts Garden, Inc. Records. He is a PhD candidate at New York University studying the United States in the world during the long nineteenth century. His area specializations include immigration, global migrations, and U.S imperialism. Zehngut-Willits has also worked in education and exhibitions departments at major museums in New York City, and holds an advanced certificate in public history. He also serves as the Digital and Public Communications Coordinator for the [Immigration and Ethnic History Society](https://iehs.org/people#coordinator). Zehngut-Willits strives to combine digital scholarly methods, his academic expertise, and years of experience in the field of public history to create accessible and engaging digital history projects that can bring cutting edge scholarship to researchers, students, and public audiences.

### Green Oasis Archives Committee
The archives committee at the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space is an all volunteer team dedicated to ensuring the preservation and accessability of records and collections connected to the history of grassroots activism in the Lower East Side. 

### How to Cite this Project
Green Oasis Community Gardens/Gilberts Garden, Inc. Records is a collaborative effort involving the [MoRUS](http://www.morusnyc.org/) archives committee in collaboration with the Green Oasis Community Gardens/Gilberts Garden, Inc. membership. We ask that any citation of this project as a whole credit John C. Harris, Stephanie Zambrana, Marco Lanier, Irene Meisel, Bryan Zehngut-Willits (E.G. Harris, Zambrana, Lanier, Meisel, Zehngut-Willits et.al., Green Oasis Community Gardens/Gilberts Garden, Inc. Records, https://morusnyc.github.io/green_oasis/)

### How to Cite Documents from the Collection
Item, Folder, Box, From the Archives of Green Oasis Community Gardens/Gilberts Garden on Deposit at the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space

### This Site was Built with Wax
Wax is a minimal computing ([minicomp](https://github.com/minicomp)) project led by [Marii Nyröp](http://marii.info/). The project is currently maintained by Marii Nyröp at New York University and [Alex Gil](https://github.com/elotroalex) at Columbia University Libraries. It uses open source libraries and frameworks including [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), [IIIF](http://iiif.io), [OpenSeaDragon](https://openseadragon.github.io/), [Rake](https://ruby.github.io/rake/), and [ElasticLunr](http://elasticlunr.com/). Wax builds upon work by [Peter Binkley](https://github.com/pbinkley), [David Newbury](https://github.com/workergnome), and others.

Wax welcomes and encourage contributors and maintainers. Please get in touch, or [fork the project on GitHub](https://github.com/minicomp/wax). If you encounter any issue with the software, please [create an issue](https://github.com/minicomp/wax/issues) on our repository or post a comment on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/minicomp/wax/).

For more on working with Wax, visit the [documentation wiki](https://minicomp.github.io/wiki/wax/).
